Initial upload (#95)
aspose-pdf/Aspose.PDF-Documentation: net/release-notes/release-notes-2021/aspose-pdf-for-net-21-9-release-notes/_index.md

---
title: Aspose.PDF for .NET 21.9 Release Notes
linktitle: Aspose.PDF for .NET 21.9 
type: docs
weight: 70
url: /net/aspose-pdf-for-net-21-9-release-notes/
lastmod: "2021-09-13"
description: This page contains new Aspose.PDF for .NET features, enhancement, and bug fixes in 2021, version 21.9. 
sitemap:
    changefreq: "weekly"
    priority: 0.7
---

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

This page contains release notes information for Aspose.PDF for .NET 21.9.

{{% /alert %}} 

## Improvements and Changes

|**Key**|**Summary**|**Category**|
| :- | :- | :- |
|PDFNET-48976 Support extended customization of Digital Signatures Appearance|Feature|

> |PDFNET-50158 Form fields cannot be read|Feature|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|PDFNET-50158 Collect data from the WidgetAnnotation|Feature|
```

Author: Fixed

> |PDFNET-48659 API is taking long time while checking signatures|Enhancement|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|PDFNET-48659 Speed up while checking signatures|Enhancement|
```

Author: Fixed

> |PDFNET-46513 API is taking long time to verify signatures from PDF document|Enhancement|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|PDFNET-46513 Speed up while verifying signatures from PDF document|Enhancement|
```

Author: Fixed

> |PDFNET-48471 API is taking long time to convert PDF to images|Enhancement|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|PDFNET-48471 Speed up conversion PDF to images|Enhancement|
```

Author: Fixed

> |PDFNET-49707 PDF to Docx: Recognize indents of paragraphs in EnchantedFlow mode|Enhancement|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|PDFNET-49707 PDF to DOCX: Recognize indents of paragraphs in EnchantedFlow mode|Enhancement|
```

Author: Fixed
